your ankles are probably far more
capable than you think they are but the
thing is if you only go up and down
that's all your feet are ever going to
do so if you do want to have some
superhuman ankles you got to start
moving your ankles in some strange ways
there's just two steps number one is
gain the range of motion and you can do
that by passively stretching like this
or using the ground or whatever is
comfortable for you just find a stretch
and hold it and then number two you're
going to want to find a way to
strengthen your ankle in that strange
range of motion I used to do stuff like
this but before I had a resistance band
I would literally just use my hand to
resist and it's the same thing with any
part of your body really I don't really
think there is such a thing as a bad
exercise there's just too much weight or
maybe there is such a thing as a bad
exercise
further stay flexy